0 A symphony plays a classical harmonic and epic sounding piece that culminates with the loud bang of a cannon shot. 
1 This piece is an instrumental reggae song that is very chill and slow. There is no singer. It is relaxing to hear the groove with the bass guitar. The song includes reggae electric guitar, horn, and percussion like bongos. Throughout, we hear the sound of waves crashing on the shore.  The keyboard provides lush chords. The time signature is 4/4. The chord progression is G, F, C.
2 This classical piece is a waltz played by a string quartet. It includes two violins, a viola, and a cello, the beat counts to 3. It sounds elegant, and has a strong first beat. It has a natural and danceable rhythm. You can hear a horse running by. The mood is romantic. The chord progression is Em, Am, D, G.
3 African drums are playing a complex rhythm while a male vocalist chants a ritual. The atmosphere is mesmerizing. The complex drumming pattern is a mesmerizing blend of syncopation, polyrhythms, and intricate patterns. It takes place somewhere in the wilderness, or in an indigenous village. A lion roars at the beginning of the song. 
4 This rock piece with guitars and drums is loud but fades out later on and becomes softer. It sounds powerful yet melancholic. A police siren is heard in the background. It is instrumental only. A bass guitar provides a steady beat, enhancing the groove and energy of the song.
5 A single bass instrument is playing a running baseline. It has a jazzy feeling to it and sounds mellow. This could be played in a jazz club. It ends with a door slamming shut. The tempo is 120 bpm.
6 This is a hip hop song. It has two rappers taking turns, one female and one male. An electronic synth melody sample in the background keeps on looping. It starts with revving engine sounds. We can hear electronic beats and sometimes record-scratching sound effects. 
7 A smooth jazz song with saxophone, drums and guitar with a chord progression of Dm7, G7, Cmaj7. An elephant cry starts the song. The song is relaxed and slow. There are no vocals, it is instrumental only. The saxophone produces a velvety tone that delivers an emotive melody.
8 A piano plays a soothing popular instrumental song that could serve as background music in a restaurant. You can hear plates and dishes being put on the table. There is only piano playing, no other instruments. There is a piano melody with background piano chords of Am, Fmaj7, Cmaj7, and G. The tempo is unhurried. The melody is gentle and soothing, evoking a sense of nostalgia and comfort.
9 Indian folk music with a sitar and female vocals. It evokes a sense of zen and elevation. A sitar player begins with a gentle and melodic introduction, plucking the strings with precision and emotion. It ends with the sound of a tree being cut. There are rhythmic beats of traditional hand percussion instruments, such as the tabla. It could be played at a cultural festival to showcase Indian culture.
10 A horn and a bass guitar groove to a reggae tune. The combination of the horn section's catchy melodies and the buoyant bassline creates an irresistible groove. The bassline is bouncy and lively. There is a chainsaw cutting a tree in the background. The song is played at the pace of Moderato. An electric keyboard plays the chords E, B, A.
11 A man sings a captivating folk song while strumming chords on an acoustic guitar. This fits a campfire evening happening. Meanwhile, there are construction works happening in the neighbourhood as heavy machinery can be heard. The chord progression is G, C, D, G. The tempo is 100 beats per minute.
12 This is a techno piece with drums and beats and a leading melody. A synth plays chords. The music kicks off with a powerful and relentless drumbeat. Over the pounding beats, a leading melody emerges. In the middle of the song, a flock of seagulls flies over the venue and make loud bird sounds. It has strong danceability and can be played in a club. The tempo is 120 bpm. The chords played by the synth are Am, Cm, Dm, Gm.
13 A blues song played by a guitar and bass. The atmosphere is energetic, yet melancholic and sad. There is a bear coming from the audience to roar out loud.